what is the first day of groups I'm here
with coverage presented by mobile dicks
to talk to you gorilla as well and have
Clarence translate thank you so much for
that and gorilla I'd like to talk to you
a little bit about that match against
IMT things looked pretty good for IMT in
the beginning but then they turned
around really rapidly why do you think
that is in motor e21 in my absolute I
open the cup jockey humans are young
children and educating mangy Dan check
our American Union is a borough another
shizuka in support also to clean and a
deep-rooted anger and I am in no mood to
end a zebu ruinin and sega Kootenay
schema Putin was her mother aware so
Cara Marwan important hang low
occurrence iPod McGee Cunha and AJ
vanaroja stroke checker a potential new
item is to not Herman and kira kira
yamato so basically i think i should
talk about this why I picked the Karma
first it's like the reason I pick the
Karma is because we I used to play the
Morgana also back in the lck and then I
also believes the Krueger has pretty
nice champion however I believe the
Karma is more suitable for the ardent
and these ardent meta and then I think
that's the reason like as the game goes
far and far and longer and longer I
believed karma is much more suitable for
the ardent so I think that's the reason
that we could snowball much faster and
we could get the advantage at later game
I feel like I will be hearing and saying
the word ardent a lot at this world's I
am very curious are do you like that or
is it frustrating what do you think
Jamie Tanganyika aksaram obscenities a
done and are open every neuron syndicate
Jeremy dude whatcha gonna be da da
Saguna show me in da regaleira
chungcheong-do rockin soggy song is
eaten item in day j h ck getting going
in jay allison a3 sheet on looming young
champion a champion Roy J para que
Caligula to a yogi Dominica Obama Tessa
can choke on tsundere Bhanumati so I
think the Arden actually makes the gap
much closing because like in Korean we
use this term as laying down like like
length like you know the bad football
like laying down football so like so
actually by this we just may pay more
time and we just
luckily win the game that's what happens
so in terms of lck we used more
champions like roaming support Emperor's
like all these stars through it RCC and
the good roaming skills however like
once again like okay I'm Lee you twat
which identity you swap so however even
if you make a good performance with such
a champion like all these stars the rest
from the early game to the late game
it cannot still beat our then it's kind
of broken
so does that frustrate you yeah
alright well fair enough fair enough
it's it's good to get your take on that
you know I am curious you know all these
na fans all these EU fans they wonder
it's the first day of groups is there
hope for na and you but then I watch you
lose and then I watch and they lose and
it just feels like all over again what
do you think does you or na have a
chance this year well I think anyone
should attend we don't get it anyways
okay the TSA mentioning to my dude her
and I was single a cool little AC chanak
I say our then tell as much okay and is
it Toby Percival a drug wears off
tsa Minami oncogenic cousin comida so I
mean you know no one knows because the
first seed of America
TSM didn't play yes so and I believe TST
I mean I always believe that SME is a
very nice very strong team and then they
can make something happen and I believe
this is time they can really make
something happen because Arden is very
broken at the same time that was amazing
player so I believe that you know yes
they will make something happen this
time I have to ask you because na fans
always hear Korean teams say good things
about TSM and they all think that the
Korean players are just trying to be
nice to na fans so is it true do our
Korean players fans of tsf why do Korean
players always say such nice things
about TSM and they pinned in mind and
then yeah you got our hands on to KJ
Janica okay so my TSM will - kissing
unwanted weight which depends on Tokyo
running on got7 we need a the instrument
on I owned a hot song put him Brazilians
I'm sorry RJ a Nene United at
hollandaise
I'm gonna do the cop given a song Jimmy
Greedo to cut in crayon CB Janice Oh
crumb coat American heritage eg butant
mandingo everything okay so I mean like
chest and comes to Korea for bootcamp
many times and you know they are all
well-known players and actually they are
playing freely well they're very good
however like I think there's some
another reason they're like another
thing the Korean team does for training
and that actually makes that the first
be like in the skills how but I don't
think that the reason that Kirsten
doesn't make a good result in the past
is because like they are not good or
they didn't try hard enough
what is the other thing that Korean
teams do that makes them so good I'm DJ
come on DJ hang on my woman home team
undergone a hunger to come you don't get
pan to come motor I was in whatever gets
him and grown boys I can choke him to
carry still get away the canal didn't
got you
so like I think the thing is like
bonding like so-called bonding like this
bonding is thing like I'll be big thing
Asia and then I believe that actually
makes the difference I mean he never
been lived in western country before so
he cannot really tell yet but he thinks
that that bone actually makes the link
between the players very strong and then
that's the thing makes the difference
well gorilla you know there's a lot of
players that come to North America from
Korea you've never been in the Western
country before maybe in the future you
would want to try would that be anything
Oh Pro Kamerion got a check ID
totally tumor to casing occasions you go
to keep reloading and Timmy Cochran Hari
katha me on Kubica democracy Janek are
decreasing Hamidah I believe the pro
player as a esports pro player i bill I
believe is the career path is not very
long so I also like I'm still open
window like I'm still positive like if
there is any team say which consider
myself mice like his skill as a pretty
nice and if they thing like you're a
very nice player then I also I'm also
pretty open on it it is true that
esports pro player careers are short in
Korea but Korean players once their
career ends in Korea
they could just come to North America
right that's how it works so maybe once
you're dead and I'll CK you could come
to na LCS might have an i/o which groans
grunts ominous sound tours attendees
over always a sudden came is from young
the physical do it when we don't do
other things on DJ supported Latino
Atticus couldn'ta theater is a sanajeh
can do condo receipt everything ran and
day is a till opposition gotten pissed
college inaudible huh get Damon Ajay
Banga Banga quit a total Monica Collins
on udemy Hyundai crookeder culture so he
believes that I mean like actually my
Connie is pretty important factor for
the as a pro player and then however as
a support
I believe attention is still a bit more
important than actual pure mechanics and
as a support I mean like he's a support
so he believes that he has much longer
career path left in Korea yet and then I
mean at least like more than like other
solo laners or the ad carries but
however if this happens like his piece
becomes mechanically not good enough
then one day who knows he will he may go
to abroad for the like another on our
team season 15 maybe that'd be good okay
is there anything you want to say
gorilla to any other fans out there
hi I'm wrong to gorilla and thanks for
treating us and I love you well the fans
love you too thank you so much Clarence
for the translation everyone else you
can check out the rest of our coverage
of all things world's here on my youtube
channel
well if you want to give yourself a
better chance at winning than na has a
shot at Worlds you should definitely
check out mo lytx their whole deal as
they help you figure out your strengths
and weaknesses and help you improve you
can check them out over at mobile
exegesis Travis thanks for watching